# Adding Precision Constraints

## Introduction

When a model trained in FP32 is used to build a TensorRT engine that leverages
[reduced precision optimizations](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/developer-guide/index.html#reduced-precision),
certain layers in the model may need to be constrained to run in FP32 to
preserve acceptable accuracy.

The following example demonstrates how to selectively constrain precisions of
specified layers in a network. The provided ONNX model does the following:

1. Flips its input horizontally by right-multiplying by a 90 degree rotated identity matrix,
2. Adds `FP16_MAX` to the flipped input, then subtracts `FP16_MAX` from the result,
3. Flips the output of the subtraction horizontally by right-multiplying by the rotated identity.

If `x` is positive, step (2) in this procedure needs to be done in FP32 in
order to achieve acceptable accuracy since values will exceed FP16 representable
range (by design).  However, when FP16 optimizations are enabled without
constraints, TensorRT, having no knowledge of what range of values will be used
for `x`, will usually choose to run all steps in this process in FP16:

* The GEMM operations in steps (1) and (3) will run faster in FP16 than in FP32
    (for large enough problem sizes)

* The pointwise operations in step (2) will run faster in FP16, and leaving the
    data in FP16 eliminates the need for additional reformats to/from FP32.

Hence, you need to constrain the allowed precisions in the TensorRT network in
order for TensorRT to make appropriate choices when assigning layer precisions
in the engine.

Polygraphy command-line tools provide multiple methods of constraining layer precisions:

1. The `--layer-precisions` option allows you to set precisions for individual layers.

2. A network post-processing script allows you to programmatically modify a TensorRT network
    parsed or otherwise generated by Polygraphy.

3. A network loader script allows you to construct the entire TensorRT network manually using the
    TensorRT Python API. During network construction, you can set layer precisions as desired.


## Running The Example

**Warning:** _This example requires TensorRT 8.4 or later._

### Using The `--layer-precisions` Option

Run the following command to compare running the model with TensorRT using FP16
optimizations against ONNX-Runtime in FP32:

<!-- Polygraphy Test: XFAIL Start -->
```bash
polygraphy run needs_constraints.onnx \
    --trt --fp16 --onnxrt --val-range x:[1,2] \
    --layer-precisions Add:float16 Sub:float32 --precision-constraints prefer \
    --check-error-stat median
```
<!-- Polygraphy Test: XFAIL End -->

To increase the chances that this command fails for the reasons outlined above,
we'll force the `Add` to run in FP16 precision and the subsequent `Sub` to run in FP32.
This will prevent them from being fused and cause the outputs of `Add` to overflow the FP16 range.


### Using A Network Loader Script To Constrain Precisions

The below section assumes you have read through the example on
[Defining a TensorRT Network or Config Manually](../../../../examples/cli/run/04_defining_a_tensorrt_network_or_config_manually)
and have a basic understanding of how to use the [TensorRT Python API](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/api/python_api/).

First, run ONNX-Runtime on the model to generate reference inputs and golden outputs:

```bash
polygraphy run needs_constraints.onnx --onnxrt --val-range x:[1,2] \
    --save-inputs inputs.json --save-outputs golden_outputs.json
```

Next, run the provided network loader script
[constrained_network.py](./constrained_network.py) which constrains precisions
in the model, forcing TensorRT to obey constraints, using the saved input and comparing against the saved golden output:

```bash
polygraphy run constrained_network.py --precision-constraints obey \
    --trt --fp16 --load-inputs inputs.json --load-outputs golden_outputs.json \
    --check-error-stat median
```

Note that TensorRT may choose to run other layers in the network in FP32 besides
the explicitly constrained layers if doing so would result in higher overall
engine performance.

**[Optional]**: Run the network script but allow TensorRT to ignore precision
constraints if necessary. This may be required to run the network if TensorRT
has no layer implementation that satisfies the requested precision constraints:

```
polygraphy run constrained_network.py --precision-constraints prefer \
    --trt --fp16 --load-inputs inputs.json --load-outputs golden_outputs.json \
    --check-error-stat median
```

### Using a Network Postprocessing Script to Constrain Precisions

Another option is to use a TensorRT network postprocessing script to apply precisions on the parsed network.  This allows
direct comparison of the constrained network with ONNX-Runtime in a single Polygraphy run, without the need to save and load
reference data.

Use the provided network postprocessing script [add_constraints.py](./add_constraints.py) to constrain precisions in the model:


```
polygraphy run needs_constraints.onnx --onnxrt --trt --fp16 --precision-constraints obey \
    --val-range x:[1,2] --check-error-stat median \
    --trt-network-postprocess-script ./add_constraints.py
```

*TIP: You can use `--trt-npps` as shorthand for `--trt-network-postprocess-script`.*

By default Polygraphy looks for a function called `postprocess` in the script to execute.  To specify
a different function to use, suffix the script name with a colon followed by the function name, e.g.

<!-- Polygraphy Test: Ignore Start -->
```
polygraphy run ... --trt-npps my_script.py:custom_func
```
<!-- Polygraphy Test: Ignore End -->


## See Also

* [Working with Reduced Precision](../../../../how-to/work_with_reduced_precision.md) for a more general guide on how to debug
  reduced precision optimizations using Polygraphy.
* [Defining a TensorRT Network or Config Manually](../../../../examples/cli/run/04_defining_a_tensorrt_network_or_config_manually) for
  instructions on how to create network script templates.
* [TensorRT Python API Reference](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/api/python_api/)
